Using the diff command is helpful because it will allow quick and easy identification of any changes between versions.  If you are looking 
for typos or other "non content" errors, this is the first place to begin searching.  Obviously the time savings in going through thousands of 
lines of code goes without saying, even though I just said it.  :-D

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It can help you identify process habits that may be subject to improvement; it can help you see patterns of mistakes or inefficiencies that 
you have changed repeatedly.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google docs does?

I think it's helpful in the sense of making you consider the logical construction of your code.  Not only will it provide a good trail to follow 
when you want to identify changes or errors, but it can also help you see if you are encapsulating your ideas effectively.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google 
Docs, treat each file separately?

Because if files are interdependant, you must be able to see how they change together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

This makes it possible to easily identify each saved juncture in your history, as well as identify how many changes were made at each 
point and what those changes were.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

It removes the fear that you might do irrepairable damage to your code and therefore will allow you to try some things that could prove
useful without the fear of making a tragic mistake.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Initially I want to use it with my students to make for easy checkin on progress they are making on coding and web projects in my class.